README.md, before:

Project Boilerplate
===================

A starter project for beginning module development in Drupal 8.


Facts
-----

 * Version: 0.1.0 (Development)
 * [Repository on Github](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones)
 

Description
-----------

Setting up the default files required by Drupal when building a custom module decreases development time
and maintains consistency across projects, all while decreasing the time it takes to get up and running.


Requirements
------------

 * [Git](http://git-scm.com)
 

Developer
---------

**Rye Miller**

 * [BitBucket](http://bitbucket.org/adarkstar/)
 * [GitHub](http://github.com/iods/)
 * [@ryemiller](https://twitter.com/ryemiller)
 

Support
-------

If you have any issues with this project, open an issue on [Github](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones/issues)


Contribution
------------

For instructions and/or guidelines on contributing check the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones/CONTRIBUTING.md) 
file. Any contribution is highly appreciated. The best way to contribute is to contact the [developer](#Developer).

Here is a **tl;dr** of how to get started:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feat-branch-name`
3. Commit changes: `git commit -am 'Adds new additions to branch.'`
4. Push the branch: `git push origin feat-branch-name`
5. Submit your pull request.


Versioning	
----------

For transparency into the release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, this project is
maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).


Resources
---------

 * [Drupal](http://drupal.org)
 

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thank you to [Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com) for being such an honest and innovative company.


License
-------

This project/code is released under [the MIT license](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones/LICENSE).


Copyright
---------

(c) 2017 Rye Miller. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

[WIP]: Addition of the project meta for composer packagist details.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Magento 2 BaseUi</h1>

An extension of the base module for improving Frontend functionality across Magento 2.

Facts
-----

 * Version: 0.1.0 (Development)
 * [Repository on Github](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones)
 

Description
-----------

Setting up the default files required by Drupal when building a custom module decreases development time
and maintains consistency across projects, all while decreasing the time it takes to get up and running.


Requirements
------------

 * [Git](http://git-scm.com)
 

Developer
---------

**Rye Miller**

 * [BitBucket](http://bitbucket.org/adarkstar/)
 * [GitHub](http://github.com/iods/)
 * [@ryemiller](https://twitter.com/ryemiller)
 

Support
-------

If you have any issues with this project, open an issue on [Github](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones/issues)


Contribution
------------

For instructions and/or guidelines on contributing check the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones/CONTRIBUTING.md) 
file. Any contribution is highly appreciated. The best way to contribute is to contact the [developer](#Developer).

Here is a **tl;dr** of how to get started:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a feature branch: `git checkout -b feat-branch-name`
3. Commit changes: `git commit -am 'Adds new additions to branch.'`
4. Push the branch: `git push origin feat-branch-name`
5. Submit your pull request.


Versioning	
----------

For transparency into the release cycle and in striving to maintain backward compatibility, this project is
maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).


Resources
---------

 * [Drupal](http://drupal.org)
 

Acknowledgements
----------------

Thank you to [Atlassian](http://www.atlassian.com) for being such an honest and innovative company.


License
-------

This project/code is released under [the MIT license](https://github.com/iods/drupal-bones/LICENSE).


Copyright
---------

(c) 2017 Rye Miller. All Rights Reserved.
